Problem: 12

1. SharpDevelop
SharpDevelop (also styled as #develop) is a free and open source integrated development environment.
IDE for the .NET Framework. Mono and Glade# platforms.
It supports development in C#,Visual Basic .NET,Boo, F#,IronPython and IronRuby programming languages.
It was designed as a free and lightweight alternative to Microsoft Visual Studio 
and contains an equivalent feature for almost every essential Visual Studio Express feature
including features for project management, code editing, application compiling and debugging.

2. MonoDevelop
MonoDevelop is an open source integrated development environment for Linux, OS X, and Windows.
Its primary focus is development of projects that use Mono and .NET frameworks.
MonoDevelop integrates features similar to those of NetBeans and Microsoft Visual Studio
such as automatic code completion, source control, a graphical user interface (GUI) and Web designer.
MonoDevelop integrates a Gtk# GUI designer called Stetic.It supports Boo, C, C++, C#, CIL, D, F#, Java,
Oxygene, Python, Vala, and Visual Basic.NET.

3. Visual Studio
Microsoft Visual Studio is an integrated development environment (IDE) from Microsoft.
It is used to develop computer programs for Microsoft Windows, as well as web sites,
web applications and web services. Visual Studio uses Microsoft software development platforms. 
Such as Windows API, Windows Forms, Windows Presentation Foundation, Windows Store and Microsoft Silverlight.
It can produce both native code and managed code.

4. Eclipse
In computer programming, Eclipse is an integrated development environment (IDE).
It contains a base workspace and an extensible plug-in system for customizing the environment.
Written mostly in Java, Eclipse can be used to develop applications. 
By means of various plug-ins, Eclipse may also be used to develop applications in other programming languages:
Ada, ABAP, C, C++, COBOL, Fortran, Haskell, JavaScript, Lasso, Natural, Perl, PHP, Prolog, Python, R,
Ruby (including Ruby on Rails framework), Scala, Clojure, Groovy, Scheme, and Erlang. 
It can also be used to develop packages for the software Mathematica. 
Development environments include the Eclipse Java development tools (JDT) for Java and Scala,
Eclipse CDT for C/C++ and Eclipse PDT for PHP, among others.

5. Xcode
Xcode is an integrated development environment (IDE) containing a suite of software development tools developed by Apple.
For developing software for OS X and iOS.First released in 2003, the latest stable release is version 6.1 and is available via the Mac App Store.
Free of charge for Mac OS X Lion, OS X Mountain Lion, OS X Mavericks and OS X Yosemite users.
Registered developers can download preview releases and previous versions of the suite through the Apple Developer website.
However, Apple recently made a beta version of version 6.x of the software available to those of the public with Apple Developer accounts.

