Problem: 11

In today's study will look at several programming languages.

1.JavaScript
JavaScript is classified as a prototype-based scripting language with dynamic typing and first-class functions.
This mix of features makes it a multi-paradigm language looks like C#, supporting object-oriented,imperative, and functional programming styles.
JavaScript is also used in environments that aren't web-based, such as PDF documents, site-specific browsers, and desktop widgets. 
Newer and faster JavaScript virtual machines (VMs) and platforms built upon them have also increased the popularity of JavaScript for server-side web applications.
 
2.C++ 
C++ (pronounced cee plus plus) is a general-purpose programming language.
It has imperative, object-oriented and generic programming features, while also providing the facilities for low-level memory manipulation.
It is designed with a bias toward system programming (e.g., for use in embedded systems or operating system kernels) 
with performance, efficiency and flexibility of use as its design requirements. C++ has also been found useful in many other contexts
including desktop applications, servers.

3.Java
C# and Java languages have evolved on increasingly divergent trajectories, becoming somewhat less similar. 
One of the first major departures came with the addition of generics to both languages, with vastly different implementations.
C# makes use of reification to provide "first-class" generic objects that can be used like any other class,
with code generation performed at class-load time.By contrast, Java's generics are essentially a language syntax feature
and they do not affect the generated byte code, because the compiler performs type erasure on the generic type information after it has verified its correctness.

4.PHP
The huge difference between PHP and C# is that PHP is a dynamic and interpreted. I miss the compiler. I miss the compiler errors.
With PHP I just get a blank page when something goes wrong (There are probably better ways to set up the dev environment where proper errors are displayed).
In C# I do get a detailed compiler error message or warning when I’m doing anything stupid.


5. Visual Basic
VB ( or Visual Basic ) Visual Basic is an interpreted, multi-paradigm language developed by Microsoft Corporation for the Windows platform. 
It has been evolving over the years and is seen as a direct descendant of Microsoft's old BASIC from the 1970's.
Visual Basic is a good language for scripting Windows applications that do not need the power and speed of C#. 